# BackendMagento
We ask that you complete the following challenge to evaluate your development skills. Please use the programming language and framework discussed during your interview to accomplish the following task.

## Objective

Create an extension for Magento 2 which will allow users to be directed to a URL on Magento and have a specific product added to their cart.

## Show your work

1.  Create a Public repository
2.  Commit each step of your process so we can follow your thought process.

## Assumptions
1. Assume that the url contains the product id which should be added to the users cart.
2. Once the product is added to the cart, the user should be redirected to their cart.
3. The project should be created in github with an appropriate workflow where needed.
4. The extension should be created within best practice of Magento standards.

## Bonus Goals

These aren’t required, but can add areas of exploration and bonus credit.

a. Validate that the link generated by the trusted website contains the actual product which was designed to be added (and that the URL has not been manipulated in anyway).
b. Allow multiple products to be added in a scalable way from a single request.
c. Time gate the URL so it can only be used within a small window of time after its been generated by the trusted website.

## Time Spent
You need to fully complete the challenge. We suggest not to spend more than 3 days total.  Please make commits as often as possible so we can see the time you spent and please do not make one commit.  We will evaluate the code and time spent.
 
What we want to see is how well you handle yourself given the time you spend on the problem, how you think, and how you prioritize when time is sufficient to solve everything.

Please email your solution as soon as you have completed the challenge or the time is up.

---
# Solution: Sebastian Artaza - Module Deviget AddProductForUrl

    ``deviget/module-add_product_for_url``

- [Main Functionalities](#markdown-header-main-functionalities)
- [Installation](#markdown-header-installation)
- [Configuration](#markdown-header-configuration)
- [Specifications](#markdown-header-specifications)


## Main Functionalities
Challenger - Deviget

## Installation
\* = in production please use the `--keep-generated` option

### Type 1: Zip file

- Unzip the zip file in `app/code/Deviget`
- Enable the module by running `php bin/magento module:enable Deviget_AddProductForUrl`
- Apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade`\*
- Flush the cache by running `php bin/magento cache:flush`

### Type 2: Composer

- Make the module available in a composer repository for example:
    - private repository `repo.magento.com`
    - public repository `packagist.org`
    - public github repository as vcs
- Add the composer repository to the configuration by running `composer config repositories.repo.magento.com composer https://repo.magento.com/`
- Install the module composer by running `composer require deviget/module-addproductforurl`
- enable the module by running `php bin/magento module:enable Deviget_AddProductForUrl`
- apply database updates by running `php bin/magento setup:upgrade`\*
- Flush the cache by running `php bin/magento cache:flush`


## Configuration
    - New tab Deviget
        - Section general
            - Enabled: "active and disabled controller"
            - Enabled window time: add check in window time
            - Start Time: From Date Time
            - Finish Time: To Date Time


## Specifications

- Controller
    - frontend > addProduct/?id=1245
    
